Welcome back I hope that wasn't too hard.
So let's talk about the solution now.
All right remember find index is a method that loops over our array and returns the index for which
the callback returns a truth value.
And if it never returns the truth value.
Find the next word turn negative 1.
So how does that all work.
Well we're going to have to loop over each element just like before and for each
loop over each element.
And now inside of here we want to invoke are call back again just like before passing in first the element
that we're on.
Second the index and third the entire array.
But this is essentially the implementation of.
For each we have different behavior here.
So we want to know if this callback returns a truth value.
So let's put that in IF statement.
And if that returns the truth value then that means we've found the index.
So if that's true return our index.
Simple as that.
We can't forget the other case if we never find the truth value here.
We also need to return negative one.
So if we ever reach the end of this for a loop we know that that callback has never been truthy because
the function would have stopped at this return statement.
So down here we're going to return negative 1.
In the case where we've gone through every element and we've never had truthy value so we haven't found
an index that makes that callback truthy.
So there you have it.
That's our find index method similar to for each but a little different in the sense that we have to
check that truthiness.